Come
Pack it up and go somewhere else
This is also where I go to see Lai.
We're here to clean up
tidy up tidy up
Clean it up, tidy it up, tidy it up, tidy it up
tidy up tidy up tidy up
Tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up
Tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up, tidy up
Korea National Security Law
Don't touch us. We don't have money to give them to others.
If you don’t have money, you won’t follow up with Guoan. I’m watching.
The money in this card
It’s enough to buy you ten and a half.
Did it fall?
I've never seen such a gold card before
You take things and get cards
You thought I was stuck, right? I lied to you.
You lied to me too
You know what I don't know
It's like lying to you
Before going home